main.md, before:

- focus:
    - text layout.

- todo:
    - custom text layout:
        - line breaking.
            - object positioning.
                - thinking: set x during layout. compute y ad-hoc from line_index.
            - detect re-shape wrapping.
        - cursor positions:
            - pos to text.
            - vertical cursor movement.
        - `TextFormat::effect: usize`
    - project structure: library & examples.
    - more style:
        - classes.
        - rules.
        - structured repr.


- backlog:
    - text layout:
        - text alignment.
        - color font.
        - ligature cursor positions.
        - diacritics fallback.
        - simple text optimiztion (on construction only, shaping during breaking isn't simple).
        - creating derived text layouts for small deltas.
        - min/max width.
        - long line support: split up raw_spans into 16k pieces.
        - solid RTL support.
            - Ali A seems to know arabic.
            - need to render consecutive rtl spans in reverse!
            - parens are probably f'ed up too.
        - color change in ligature: just split it, like for hit testing.
    - layout:
        - layout dependent render children struct?
        - inline divs.
        - padding & margin.
        - min/max/fit_content.
        - box sizing & border, border mode?
    - tree mutation.
    - caching.
    - hit testing.
    - hover & active.
    - cursor.
    - inputs (button, slider, text).
    - overflow & scrolling.
    - selection.
    - animation, programmatic & transitions.
    - vector graphics.

Commit message:

compute object positions & text layout size

main.md, after:

- focus:
    - text layout.

- todo:
    - custom text layout:
        - cursor positions:
            - pos to text.
            - vertical cursor movement.
        - `TextFormat::effect: usize`
            - just create separate spans for now.
            - will split `fi`, but whatever. let's keep it simple, for now.
        - renderer callback thing.
    - project structure: library & examples.
    - more style:
        - classes.
        - rules.
        - structured repr.


- backlog:
    - text layout:
        - reshape word wrapping.
        - character wrapping.
        - text alignment.
        - color font.
        - ligature cursor positions.
        - diacritics fallback.
        - simple text optimiztion (on construction only, shaping during breaking isn't simple).
        - creating derived text layouts for small deltas.
        - min/max width.
        - long line support: split up raw_spans into 16k pieces.
        - solid RTL support.
            - Ali A seems to know arabic.
            - need to render consecutive rtl spans in reverse!
            - parens are probably f'ed up too.
        - color change in ligature: just split it, like for hit testing.
    - layout:
        - layout dependent render children struct?
        - inline divs.
        - padding & margin.
        - min/max/fit_content.
        - box sizing & border, border mode?
    - tree mutation.
    - caching.
    - hit testing.
    - hover & active.
    - cursor.
    - inputs (button, slider, text).
    - overflow & scrolling.
    - selection.
    - animation, programmatic & transitions.
    - vector graphics.
